Hey everybody, welcome to the next commentary. Today we're playing some Mel mid into a Yona. Uh Mel got changed
recently with her W reflect like losing the invulnerability and a lot of other changes too. And her win rate dropped so
hard to the point that she got hot fixed. So she did get buffed already because hot fix is like a live patch
basically. But I have played her and she is kind of strange now with her Q because it feels
as though it's much harder to land but the damage from it is like slightly better. Uh, it comes out so freaking
fast. Like it shoots all of the little orbs so quickly and if you land all of them, I think that the AP ratio was like
slightly buffed. So, I would say that like she does more, but she's like way
squishier because of course not having any uh vulnerability or invulnerability from your uh W is of course kind of meh.
I feel like they also lowered the projectile speed too uh of the Q. I like looked at that.
Okay, he used his W shield, which is good.
We just want to be doing uh auto attack weaving while using our abilities just like regular Mel really. I mean, the
only difference will be how aggressive we could be playing at all points for like uh if we're like low cuz your W
gives you a shield. It's not that like you are completely going to be taking damage uh with the new W, but
the shield obviously can be broken if you're going to take a huge amount from uh something that you're reflecting
back. Just auto attack him. I mean, I feel
like this guy might be killable if I landed everything because Mel still is all about landing
your auto attacks and abilities because your abilities uh cause your auto attacks to be empowered to do this auto
attack weave where it does these bonus hits and you apply this stacking execute that shows over their head. And
sometimes people get really caught off guard when you can extend a fight for a bit.
Darn. I got to fight his W. I don't want to ever get hit by that because it gives him a bigger shield. So, I'm just like obviously going to take a lot more
be more difficult to harass and everything.
Damn. Honestly, he's kind of low now.
He purposely held his Q because I was trying to see if I could get him to go towards me so I can reflect it back at
him, but I think he understood what I was trying to do there pretty well. I
still have TP and he has exhaust. That's kind of a huge deal with him having exhaust. That does make it a lot more
scary. I feel like this doesn't kill me.
I can't believe that he tried that. I don't know. Like I know Yona does that true damage thing where when he's in
that form, he does true damage at the very end depending on how much damage he did to me, but he didn't really like hit me that hard. I'm just going to base
here and just leave the wave like this because we can just TP back. I have lost chapter purchase, but we were able to kill somebody that had um a combat
summoner, which is freaking amazing when you're a TP user. Like, this is so good for us.
you you're not supposed to win lane if you don't have a combat sum. And we got a solo kill.
We're still just going to probably play far away and just like patient. If he goes towards us with uh his abilities,
we use E to snare him and lock him down, which he might do soon.
I I'll just like reflect back whatever at this point. Not even reflect back. Use it as a
shield. I guess the E range also feels substantially shorter. I feel like she's just a
shorter range character feels so short.
I was hoping that maybe he would just like go into that. Uh, so now we have my ultimate, which is based off of the amount of stacks that I can get onto
people, which is pretty dang nice, I will say.
Oh, he's just dead here. Yeah. So, he used his Q forwards, so I just reflected it back plus used snare
immediately, and we're landing a bunch of hits on him, plus used all of our abilities, which allows that like auto
attack empowerment where we can shoot a bunch more projectiles to stack my passive faster. And we did a ridiculous
amount of damage through all of that. So that's why we were able to get that kill so easily. We saw that recon was like
mid. I'm just going to base here. I'll
probably just buy boots and a dark seal. Maybe. Am I going to get stopped?
Nice. Cuz I could maybe pop off. I'm just going to also buy potion just in case. I
could always like sell this later. It's not really that bad of a buy, especially with refillable since I can just sell it.
Bot lane's going pretty even. Top lane's losing. Jungler has not been part of anything so far, but he's
doing his best.
I have Graves coming mid. Okay. I mean, I'm on the way to this.
I was about to ulti. I'm glad that I honestly didn't because I thought that I would maybe accidentally waste it when he's like committing so hard to kill
that guy. That was really good. Wow, we clear the wave so quickly. I didn't
know. I don't know if maybe previously the Mel before these changes could also
clear at level seven, but being able to clear back wave at level seven is kind of nice.
Ooh, he missed cannon. That's huge. Do I really not get that plate? Oh, no, I do.
I have nine stacks of my passive right now. Oh my goodness.
Man, chasing that guy is like not possible. He's just too fast. But that's okay. I mean, we didn't die. He ultied
us straight up just to damage us. And now he doesn't have that if I get ganked. And I feel like that should like
really lower the amount of pressure that he can deal to us, right? Maybe I should be more patient.
Oh man, I really expect the ultimate damage to deal more, but I guess I should just be slower with whatever that
was. Oh, he's just going to die here, maybe. Yeah, I got the auto attack off. As soon
as I landed most of my Q hits, I just knew that it was probably just over. The Q kind of hits hard. Pretty low CD,
too.
All right, cool. Well, we will just take another base. I'm extremely fed this game. I still don't really know what the
best build path would be. It looks like people are trying a lot of different things of just like lost chapter items.
I feel like they're all good. Surprisingly, it shows Ludens being
popular. And I guess I'll try it out. I would figure that the burn would be better, but maybe truly just Luden's
triggers on repeat is not that bad.
So, we will test that. I'm wanting to probably
also put down this ward like super deep just so I can uh extend my lead by probably pressuring
this guy while giving myself enough control that I will know if I get ganked by like Ivvern cuz I feel like I can
kind of do anything. Damn, we just chunked the crap out of that guy. Holy crap. The Nollas kept him
locked down for a really long time, which is why uh he took so much there cuz Yona can't snap back once he starts
getting CCd, but he can use it as he's buffering it. Do we not want to contest that because Graves isn't going? I mean,
I was totally down to contest because they're on it. Are they not?
What? Ivvern is in our jungle, dude. Nice. Come on. Let's go. Can we not try to find them and like fight them? Is
this not free? We have full mid priority, but
Nollis was doing something else for a second, so I have to go back mid.
Iron's botside, which is what we were uh kind of thinking that he was the entire time, but it looks like the enemy team
might not be able to kill my team fast enough. Let's just take this blast cone over. I
can maybe still kill this Ezreal, too, cuz I'm behind him.
Dude, this is kind of triggering that I can't even like get to him.
Well, reco. The Ivvern did not realize that I was there, I guess. So, I get a
double buffs from that. I have my ultimate available. This guy doesn't have exhaust.
Maybe if I made like massive mistakes with my uh use of abilities I could lose, but otherwise I feel like it's
probably kind of free.
A dang. I reflected for no reason. Not that it really mattered because I mean he used his Q out rather than in. So
it's not like that really affected much.
Okay, I got him. I still have my W shield, too.
Nice. Okay, good. Barely was able to do that. The W shield is so tiny, actually.
But we were successful. We kite it out, especially versus a Rakan that's pretty strong himself. That guy's been part of
8KP so far. We're 6 and0. Uh we will just go sword boots for more
damage. And then for itemization,
I'm kind of a fan of Cosmic Tribe, probably more than the uh
Horizon Focus if I was to go with CDR item.
But it looks like most win rates of things I'm like looking at it right now and most of them are bad besides Storm
Surge, but Storm Surge barely has any play rate. I don't know if that's because maybe her ratios and stuff are just like superior now. So it wouldn't
be bad to build like more of a assassin maybe. Not really sure.
Definitely don't want to be throwing away my lead. Darn. I was hoping to be able to like
stop him there. Well, not stop him, but hit him. Get some damage off. We're almost level 11, which is a huge spike
point for like 1v oneing people because makes it so your stacks from your passive, of course, are going to be like
even better every single time. I feel like we still can die to him as
soon as he finishes his bork, though. Once he finishes Bork, it's very threatening to face him.
Ooh, that kind of did a lot.
That does not kill. Darn. The icon over their head shows if you
could execute them. I'm kind of surprised that it wasn't going to execute. I had 22 stacks on him. Like
maybe if I use my W to just make it so my uh auto attack, that last one would have just had a couple more stacks on it
cuz the empowered auto attacks is three stacks and you can stack it up to nine.
So if you just like use all of your abilities, you can get up to nine to do that. He does not have his item just yet, which is amazing. We just want to
back away as soon as I miss my abilities cuz he can jump on us.
Put a ward down just to see if like he's going to do something. Oh my goodness. Graves is going hard.
The Q is so strange with like how quick all the shots come out.
Okay, Yona went bot lane. I guess I can maybe TP down and try to
help.
Man, not me not being able to move at all.
I literally am just like getting CCd, but I at least am close enough to hit a lot of people. I got exhausted twice.
Well, I tried to come down to see if maybe I could like salvage the play, but the recon CC and like everybody else's
was a bit too much for me to handle. My team was kind of deep though. Like they were really far up. It's not that
bad of a throw just because at least uh my advantage is kind of crazy right now.
If we just play for probably the objectives and just continue going for neutrals and just fighting around that,
I think that we have a pretty good shot of just winning through through me. We could also win through other people, too. I mean, Draven's plenty fed as
well, I guess, but I am ready. The worst situation for
stuff to happen would be I get like flanked upon for multiple people because I'm kind of single targety. I can hit
people from far away, but I can't really hit them if they're coming from two separate
sides. If they're coming from the same side, I can maybe even do some AoE damage, but that's only if they come in from the same side.
Okay, well, that guy was just standing there. Maybe he was like typing to his team or something. I'm not really sure.
Plus, I have Cosmic Drive and base now.
My team is going to try to dive the Ezreal. And meanwhile, the enemy team is doing a
play top side. So even though we got a kill mid, they did get some stuff top. The way that the enemy team will
probably try to come back is they're most likely on Rift right now with like Ivvern because that's an objective bounty. think I can't imagine him doing
anything else besides that cuz I haven't seen him forever and if he's not trying to like defend the turrets then I don't really know what else he would be trying
to do at this point.
Okay. Well, I chunked the crap out of that guy, but I can't kill him. So,
I here and recon and I'm also probably dead.
probably. I mean, I'm just getting killed by Raton. I guess this isn't really that
big of an issue for me.
No, dude. I didn't get any damage on that guy. Well, I'm not even worth the shutdown anymore, so I'm chill with
that. They really wanted to kill me badly and use multiple flashes. Even if I lost my own, it's not that that bad.
Huge item buy. I was able to almost take this full bot lane turret as well, which is kind of huge. It's a lot of plates
for myself as well. Oh no, Draven might be dead here. Damn, everybody's going to
live. This recon's kind of goated. Not going to lie, this guy's nuts.
I feel like I kind of want to go uh a void staff or cryoom next. I'm not going to lie, I just feel like No, actually,
let's just try it. Oh, death cap. I take it back.
Dude, I really messed up this buy. In fact, it messed up so badly that I'm just going to wait in base for 30 gold.
I want my Needless.
I don't have TP to get to Rift Herald. Who's going to be defending bot lane? Is it Is it me? Do I have to defend it?
I really don't want to be the person going against Garen. I feel like that's kind of weird.
I have TP in five, so I guess I'll just save it just in case uh I need to use it. But if I leave, Garen will take even
more though.
Yona was able to get the Zahen's passive and run away. The rest of the team is still doing fine. Garren rotated mid
except for rotating mid isn't really going to like benefit them because I feel like uh everybody's already dead, right?
Wow. Can Garen really Wow, that's kind of crazy.
I still don't think that tping mid is like going to really be that substantial or helpful right now. still just best to
continue taking all this farm side lane and then just maybe even take this turret bot lane cuz it's just one hit.
And now that it's been taken, I'll rotate up.
See if I can maybe help out with this fight.
Got the cosmic drive for the movement speed. Nice.
Yeah, the movement speed on cosmic drive just feels so nice. It's as if you kind of have like riiz the mid gap. Yep,
that's that's me, bro. Del with a still pretty not good win rate,
but I feel like she's not that bad of a character to the point that her win rate should be this bad. I don't really know why her win rate's so bad.
Doesn't feel that bad to me. Me getting like hardcore minion blocked.
Uh I just don't think that I can ever kill that guy. I mean, if I have my ultimate up and I can just get a
ridiculous amount of uh stacks on him, maybe. But it's going to take forever.
I'm trying to uh wait for my death cap here because I only need like 100 gold.
65.
Nice. Uh why Ezreal kind of just ran to that is
firstly he's not really paying attention but if somebody's walking forwards and you throw your E from fog of war and
they don't even see you it sometimes they just like walk into it because as soon as it processes that there's
something coming towards them it's like too late cuz they've also were running in a straight line towards dead.
A that didn't work. Dang, I'm so bad. I should have been able to reflect that, but I guess I'm just
not good enough with my reflect.
I feel like I can maybe TP behind these guys. Oh, dang. They're actually losing. I thought that it looked like my team was like pushing them away. So,
never mind. I just have a flank play going on. Just kidding. They don't even see that I'm coming in.
Ah, that time I reflected it. That time I did it fast enough. I'm so bad with W. I don't know why I'm like so trash at
that. But hey, I still have 14 kills. I mean, it is a hyal lobby. I wonder if this uh person is autofilled because
they have ribbon buffs as their stuff. And I'm just wondering if that means that they're a top lane player, but top
lane players usually playing mid lane aren't uh that bad for their like types of champions they can play cuz a lot of
people play Yona top lane. How much is the shield? 500. I guess
it's not that shabby either. Oh my goodness, dude. 500 damage from
that.
Uh, Raon, I didn't get hit by that. Nice.
Oh, that would have killed him if he didn't have that barrier, but we still got him. So, it's Joel. Ooh, I'm
stacking. It's not going to be enough. Oh, he he tried to go to the redemption.
So, yeah, that was me trying out the new mel changes. Hopefully, you guys enjoyed it. Uh, I feel like my damage dealt
probably is going to be the highest in the game. We'll look at the enemy uh Yona just to know who that was.
Did most damage. Honestly, not that much more than my team though. And yeah, uh, she feels like her damage
is higher in my opinion, but it feels way less consistent to land stuff. So, this person was master tier. They
actually play mostly those same set of champions where like if somebody plays Yaso, Riven, or Yon, they seem to play
like all of them. And uh, you can even see that last game
he popped off versus a rise. So, anyways, thanks for watching. See you guys later. Have a great day. Stay tuned
if you want to see another one. Peace out. Bye. Hey everybody, welcome to game two of
the Mel. We are versus a Zerith this time. So, it's a range character. Definitely a lot different than probably
uh the Yona matchup. I have used my Q twice and kind of running out of mana
quickly. But that's okay.
I'm just going to wait for him to like go for the minion with an auto attack before I press Q on him so I can like land as many hits as possible on him, of
course. So, he'll probably use his Q pretty
soon, but then when that minion gets low, we'll just step up when he goes for it.
Maybe I can do the auto attack, too. No, I can't. That's okay, though. Still really good.
He lands his ability onto me. It's still pretty chill.
Ooh, I didn't land that. Dang, that one was free. It's okay, though.
Is it worth using my abilities this frequently? I'm trying to match like him using his abilities quite frequently.
Um, but I just realized that I kind of feel like I'm running out of mana. I mean, I do have mana flow and also
presence of mine. So, I have multiple Wow, I'm surprised he missed there.
Multiple mana runes.
Oo, I hit him with everything at least. I just need to back away because we might get Noo-Noo ganked.
We both have one potion left. It's been pretty equal so far. Zerith doesn't have that many things. I could probably like
reflect back at him, but he's starting to run out of mana pretty quickly here. It'd be really good if I could prevent
him from uh pushing this, but I don't think that I can cuz we'll just like use everything on
the wave and just like not care about me whatsoever. Oh well, we'll just like let this crash
then and just auto attack these twice and then just reset with him because I feel like he's just going to TP back and
I don't really want to be in a lane with uh him being just that much stronger than me.
TP immediately. We'll just go dark seal plus a mana crystal so I can spam more
frequently with him. Even though having boots could be kind of nice, I feel like just being able to spam more frequently
could be even better.
I guess I could sometimes use my W just so I don't take damage from his uh Q occasionally if I really wanted to just
reduce the damage that I take from it, not care about the reflect mechanic.
But I sometimes just feel like the reflect mechanic would be kind of useful to
Dang. Wow. We didn't even get any help from Lein, but I used my reflect just to
proc my passive because we were running out of time to even hit him. And I landed one more Q into an auto attack
with the like bonus hits from the passive and it did enough because we were that was like a very extended fight
and we had our passive really ramping on him. So eventually it just did too much and he got executed from it. That's
sick. Plus I have a dark seal so I have like a little bit more AP to work with now too. Now I can buy the boots. So I
can now go more aggressive on him. Like maybe run him down a little bit easier
cuz I feel like Mel should technically because her range feels shorter
kind of lose to uh champions that outrange you. I feel I think that this matchup shouldn't be good for her cuz
they can just like play the range game versus me.
Uh, too bad I don't have my reflect here.
I think that he doesn't realize that though. That still like hurt really bad though and it wasn't worth it in the slightest.
I'm just going to use this to uh make sure I don't take damage from it because I've been kind of saving it probably too frequently.
I kind of just want to reset before he reaches level six because I know that he's probably going to just try to all in me as soon as he reaches it.
There is no way that misses, dude. Now that I know that he's going to
use it, then
I'm actually going to live. Oh my gosh. I knew he was going to ult me. So that's
why I just like stepped up because uh honestly when you have to juke like skill shots of a Zerith ult, usually
people will shoot it as a path that you're going to be like not going towards them cuz it's risky.
Cuz if I go closer to him once his ultimate expires, even if he like didn't really land that much, he still has the rest of his abilities. And uh you can
kind of juke a lot of this stuff by doing a play like that. And it did work out kind of. I mean, the Jana mostly
saved me though. This is really nice, though. I'm once again fed just like last game.
I also have my ultimate and preferably we want to use it like sooner than later to like really pressure hard.
So, I want to like get in there and try to do some crazy stacking against him.
Oh, darn. I was really hoping that he would be there. Uh, I'm just going to not get hit by his
W hit cuz I don't want to take any damage whatsoever from him. I know that it will probably quue me. Okay, no, he
queued the wave. We have Le here. I don't know if Leon can do this gank or not, but if he can,
that would be nice. Did hit him with one single Q.
My E range is terrible, so that did not land, but I could probably still go for this plate, I think.
Ooh, that almost hit me. And the Zerith stun kind of lasts a long time. So, I'm really happy that did not land cuz that
would have hurt pretty bad.
Damn, dude. The Q damage actually hurt so bad.
No, I messed this up. I'm going to die. Am I not? Does he not have Zerithol? I'm terrified. I'm I'm not sticking around.
It's probably too risky this time.
I don't even have my W to like shield myself if he was his ulti me. So, I'll just like sacrifice this wave. It's for
the greater good. I saw that I stunned from max distance and I the stun lasts a long time. So, I
was hoping that my E and my Q both were just about to come up. And if I could land the snare into Q, I think that he
would just dive the ult, but the timing was just not as good as I was hoping.
So, I almost made a huge mistake with that. But it almost uh in my opinion looked like a spot where I could try to
like chain everything together to get a bunch of stacks on him.
Yu's in the jungle.
I'm in a position to like try to just run at him as soon as he comes in lane.
I don't know if he realizes that. Oh, wait. No, this is fine.
I should have been able to reflect that stun. That was stupid by me.
Damn. Too bad all my minions are just like not strong enough to like get him because he can just farm from far away still. Oh, I should have been able to
get him there. My W mechanics are just still so so bad.
Can I press W at any point? Even if I'm like midcast with Q. I've not played Mel enough to actually know if that's legit
something you can do.
That will not kill him. But that was a lot of stacking. And he's so low that honestly he's
probably going to base and TP back or just like walk back. I really want to hit this turret.
Okay, we do have a cannon wave. So by the time he gets back, I guess I'd have a small chance unless I get like Noo-Noo
ganked or something. I really miss cannon. Dang. went for me instead of the wave. Okay.
Doesn't really seem like there's much for me to like heal off of. I like trying to see if there is maybe a
honey fruit so I can just stay on the map. We see Zerret going botside maybe with his ultimate.
There's no way you can get me here. I'm just going to back away. It's kind of pointless to stick around at this low HP.
I'm just going to TP over here. It's going to take some time, but I will be able to TP in.
And just help out with this fight now.
Damn, that guy got crushed. Hello. We did use two flashes for it, but it was worth it. He's dead for 25 seconds. I
could probably hit mid a ton now and get another play for myself to extend my lead even further.
I took a couple of the small uh raptors as well from the Noo-Noo. So, he's just
going to lose a little bit. I'm just going to go buy my item. I feel like there's no reason for me to probably uh stick around.
Let's make it so we're super strong when we get back and then we can have an easier chance of maybe just like walking in a straight line at this because um
depending on what you're playing against, if this Zerith ever messes up with his E while I'm walking at him, I
can probably just one-shot him. We just have to press our W button when
he does it. If he does it. I mean, it's kind of like a mind game in a way.
Ah, I did press it. I as I pressed it when I uh lost vision of him because
most people when they know that most likely I don't have vision in that area, they're going to throw it where I can't
see it cuz it's fog of war. And I was able to predict that moment, but the stun didn't land.
He was so low though that it looks like he just decided to take a base. So, it's still like a huge advantage for us cuz we can continue taking this turret and
get for his turret.
Oh my gosh, dude. The Q hits so hard.
435 total. Ow.
He kind of hits me from far away pretty easily, which is exactly why I figured that this
matchup kind of sucks if I fell behind, but I didn't
little bit of poke. I'm going to use this just a shield because at least I can make it so the turret doesn't do any damage to me.
The cooldown of it is kind of long. So, as soon as I do that, I'm just looking to see where like Noo-Noo is and stuff
because I could get ganked, but we see that he's botside. So, we're chilling.
A I still have my uh W. If he tries to ult me here, I'm pretty sure I'll live,
but I'll just take a base. We have empowered recall anyways. we can get back on the map really really fast. I'll just go same build as last game which is
like cosmic tribe for the movement speed and then probably just like a death cap or something just so I hit really really hard
sometimes. I wonder if you're versus like uh bruisery champions if you can go like riize to try to kite or if that's
just stupid cuz I guess you wouldn't be able to get CDR.
He's probably going to just cue this from far away. This is a cannon wave, so preferably we just like hit this one
time and just get it.
Yeah, it's ours. Nice.
I did snare the Noo-Noo. Nice.
Zerith damage a little bit annoying, but we didn't get hit by his uh Q there.
Huh. That honestly did not stack him in the slightest. Interesting.
I tried to use my W as a way to get movement speed so I can get in range to maybe like land my E, but holy crap, the
range is just so bad that it's like not possible to land it from that distance.
Still though, I mean, overall it's going pretty well. We at least can like shove him out of
lane and get him chunked very frequently where we can just continue getting advantages of that kind of thing.
That's why I feel like Cosmic Drive is like so necessary still, just because having a little bit of movement speed so you can actually chase people because
you're short range and you have to like stay on top of them just feels so good.
I wonder if that's why maybe storm surge is okay on her for the movement speed, but cosmic drive is better for movement
speed than storm surge is herald noo-noo. Not this guy literally
griefing because they're losing.
Ouch. I'm going to get ultied. Oh, I didn't get it by any Oh my
goodness. He missed literally everything. No. Oh my gosh. Okay, I'm fine. I
thought the bomb was going to kill me.
Can I get to this? Where would I even want to TP to? Yeah,
I feel like it's not even like worth tping anywhere. We'll just
if I get mid lane, it's already being pushed. So, I'm unironically going to
stay in base and just buy a mediiz.
By the time I even got mid lane, I probably would have been able to like collect these and that's it. And then I'll just stay on the map like forever
cuz I kind of want to spend my money and I'm not that close to cosmic drive cuz I need 100 uh bonus gold on top of this.
Hey, Noo-Noo's griefing because he doesn't care. It seems as though the enemy has given up and maybe they're in
a hostage situation, but that's because I guess Mel is just that broken, guys. Definitely not because my whole team's
winning, for sure. Including myself.
Darn. He used his stun. You're supposed to save that so I can stun you.
Wow, that didn't land on me. Dang, I'm really fast now that I have the uh movement speed from the magis.
How can I pick somebody?
Noo-Noo buff. Yeah. I mean, also we saw him. We have
vision. Oh, I got the blue. Yo, my blue buff now. We can't get that guy.
Ouch. Dude, I'm literally going to die. I knew I was going to get killed too as soon as I walked into that position
because honestly nobody's there. We don't really have any members of the team walking over either. Nasis is still
farming. Jana can try to save me but definitely can't. They're grouped and honestly have a pretty decent team comp
for pick. Le pushed in bot wave. I was just too
far up. How many stacks does Nasis have? 500.
Dude, it's kind of crazy. This M Smoulder's been stacking very well though. He has like 200 stacks.
You can't ever think that like just because they are like uh being toxic and
stuff, they can't just come back. They totally can so easily. Smolder is so freaking OP when he gets to the 225.
I really want the kill. I just reflected back his W at himself.
The reason why I want these kills so badly is just because I wanted my magis to get back to the amount of stacks to give me the bonus movement speed again.
That was the reason.
Good thing we saw the Zerith uh E and it wasn't like in the wall or anything.
should be able to get this. Plus, I can finally buy my cosmic drive, so I have movement speed to work with. Well, she
tried to queue the wave. I'm going to reflect it back at you, dude. No, no Q reflect for you.
Okay. No, don't ulti me. Ouch. Why' she do that? Did she even have first strike? I didn't even get a first strike
trigger. Why? Why would she do that?
Cosmic drive is completed. Kind of want to go storm surge just for more movement speed. Let's go movement speed mel this
game. I mean I have menis for movement speed as well. Let's make ourselves very very fast. Doesn't seem like that bad of
a build path.
Samira pinged on the way to kill Smolder, but I don't understand why she wouldn't be able to kill on her own. Is
Smolder really that terrifying,
huh? I guess so.
But we managed to still help out. Oh, no. Wait, I want the kill.
No, I wanted to get to 25 stacks. Dude, how could he do that to me?
Can we really do Baron? I mean, I don't know if my champion can shred it very well. You would think
that like, oh, dude, what does your passive like stack on them so you can execute it? And it does stack on them,
but it doesn't really stack that much, I believe. Like, you need a ridiculous amount of stacks on these to really like
dish out the execute tech. Guess it doesn't seem that bad though. How much damage does Q deal? 400ish.
Smear died top.
Nice secure. We'll just take a You know what? Maybe we don't need to take a base. Sometimes people will like step up to try to do something when they think
that you based. So, it' be kind of sick if No, this probably isn't going to work. Some people will like step up for
this next wave and you can kill them. It's probably not going to happen, though. We'll see.
Cuz if he does, I can one-shot him easily.
I don't think he's here, so I'm going to leave.
Play a little bit patient. Uh, let's also buy a blue trinket. My TP
is in 30 seconds. I mean, dragon is obviously the objective that we want to be playing for. Otherwise, we can try to
siege turrets and just like end the game quicker, but sieging
can also put us in a position for Smolder to land some like hits from the
wave to hit us, to burn us. They sent so many people bought for Nasses. Holy crap.
Do we want to fight rather than push mid? because we could push mid right now and just take the turret. I'm just going
to rotate down even though my teammates like pinged on the way to go bot and then just completely turned around and just decided not to.
Is this guy going to ult me? No. Oh,
I was going to try to ultim at the end just to see how much damage I can deal. But anyways, thanks for watching of uh game two of the Mel. I guess Mel is uh
for some reason in my past two games seemingly pretty strong unless it was maybe my teammates that were doing the
most. I'm not really sure. But thanks for watching. Uh stay tuned if you want to see Reena and I will see you guys in
the next one. did most damage on my team once again. And we are versus a Zerith that mainly play Oh, plays. Bro,
that new Mel is a nuclear missile. Oh, dude, it is.
So, 500 LP mostly plays like mages and he does play Zerith. All right, so
thanks for watching. See you guys later. Peace out. Bye. Hey everybody, welcome
to the next commentary of the uh Melon and Arena. We are starting off with some
pretty good prismatics. I'm probably going to take wiglets because we have Jewel Gauntlet and I'm pretty sure that Jeweled Gauntlet does not work for uh
Mel Q or her E cuz I think that is considered damage over time because you shoot like a barrage of projectiles. So,
I'm not going to take that cuz there is an augment that is vulnerability that most likely is like the superior
one that is your damage overtime effects and crit. So yeah, we're not going to be having that. My teammate has dual
gauntlet. Dang, dude. He's going to make his e crit probably, isn't he? That's kind of crazy.
Duality dreadbringer. So Zach is trying to stack. Kog'aw, if
we don't kill him during the early game, could be a bit of a struggle.
Just going to go to the other side. I'm just going to try to get over here to see if I can get any of these. I got two of them and he got one.
Let's just wait for that shield to expire and just like help out my teammate, I guess. Oh, dang. This guy's literally coming back. He has Oh, he
just flashed forward. So, he's just going to die. Just kidding. He's got kind of dipped on.
Dude, how does this guy not die after all of that? Like, what? Zach passive in
arena, I guess, is kind of confusing to me. Like, how on earth did he not die there?
But nice. Wiggle will give us a huge amount of AP. I don't know if Mel has any changes
inside her arena to make herself stronger, but I imagine really really high AP with her new like uh
amount of AP ratios that she has should be pretty good. In fact, I'm kind of curious. I should probably just like look up the wiki real fast cuz I'm kind
of wanting to know how much damage a Q will deal. Yeah, a full Q does 110% AP
ratio. 110. It's a lot.
Besides that, it's like whatever. I don't think any of the other ratios really matter too much.
Okay, so because it chose Casio, it's really nice for Wletts because we're going to be able to finish this item so
much sooner, so I can just have it giving me a ridiculous amount of AP really early on. This Varys is going
anvil run, which is crazy because people don't really do anvil runs anymore. Where are they? Oh, they're right there. I just
wanted to see what anvils he had because uh if they ever have a little coin uh
icon, that means they found fortune shard early on. I feel like that's one of the only ones you should ever get to like do an anvil run in my opinion. It's
also Nether Cogma, but he has draw your sword, so he's super short range. My teammate has Infinity Edge with with
Jeweled Gauntlet. He's going to hit so hard. I wonder if Olaf can like deal a
thousand plus damage with only his ability and that's it. Like his E. That is
uh let's just leave and then help out the Olaf and then uh go back to the Kog'aw after cuz the Kog'aw is melee so
now he's not going to have the best time versus us cuz he needs to get close to be able to win.
Very nice. I stood on top of the plant as well because if you didn't know, uh like if somebody's not even targeting
Mel, when projectiles run into her, it will reflect it back. So, if you're even
playing like on Summoner's Rift and there's, I don't know, a Kog'awma trying to shred your your team, if you just
walk between Kog'aw and your team, then you can reflect some auto attacks back even if they're not aiming for Mel
specifically, cuz auto attacks are in the air. Rune Carver.
I feel like Rune Carver isn't even that crazy on my champion, is it? I feel like I already stack pretty well. I would
honestly want like detonation orb if anything do one reroll block it
otherwise I can do crown and just be like super safe.
I just think that this isn't going to stack very easily.
I'll take it anyways though because it is still a rune carver in the end and could be wrong. Maybe it is decent on
her.
I was hoping to reflect back the Zillian, but didn't even use anything. Oh, let's just ulti here just to like damage them.
I'm not even trying to hit the victory here to kill him. I'm just waiting cuz just keeping him low is usually the best
way to play that. And then we'll just uh go kill this guy now very easily.
Very straightforward fights. This Olaf also just ran in a straight line at them with his ultimate and like could fight
from the very beginning and uh like one-shot everybody.
Okay, this enemy team seems like they're doing pretty good and maybe the hardest team to go against.
the Riven and the Zenzou because when we go versus bruisers, I don't think that I can actually uh kite them very easily,
but we are not versus them just yet. Okay, my wooz is done. I have 650 AP
already. So, my Q hits for a total of 946.
That's so ridiculous. Mel's new Q hits so hard. The AP ratio
is crazy. Uh, she has True Shot Prodigy. I'm
wondering if I should let her hit us from far away and reflect back to True Shot Prodigy like stuff back at them.
It's going to hit kind of hard. I have enough AP that also the reflected projectiles are uh not like super weak.
This guy also has Googles. But
still have my Zagnas, but I don't even know. Oh, who has detonation orb? She does. Oh my gosh. I'm literally going to
like die to this plant, dude. Am I going to die here just because of the
Never mind. The rise tried saving his teammate rather than just running away and we were able to do stuff from that. But I think I could have maybe died
because of the I don't know how much detonation orb was stacked on me and I started burning as well. I was like oh crap cuz it will just kill you
when you get low enough.
I hope that we find vulnerability now. How crazy would it be if we next round I
think is the augment selection. Get that of all things because I think that will make my Q crit. That's what I want the
most right now. There could be some other fun stuff too though. Like if we get another prismatic, Eureka is the one that gives
you ability haste based off of your AP. And because my AP is so high, that would also be crazy.
Hm.
A curse power augment
a burn effect. I've like used up all my rerolls, but I don't mind.
Do I want curse power or do I want to light them up? Because light him up is
not bad. You would think light him up is like so grief, but the AP ratio on it is
surprisingly insane and it can just four auto attacks isn't too difficult to do.
Hits really hard.
Okay, I didn't even use my flash and we still were able to get her. Nice. Yeah, she has Doomsayer and uh she has a
decent amount of stacks on it, so she has a lot of AD and hits very hard and that almost killed me. My teammate also
died very quickly, which was kind of scary, but turns out that we did enough. In fact,
my light him up did trigger for 300 damage one time. It's not completely wasted.
Why does Victor have Zekes?
This guy also has Doomsayer. Dude, there are so many curse. This guy
also has Dreadbringer. I mean, that's the first person we fought, but I just realized that there's so many people that Oh, he got adapted. Dude, that's
crazy. There's another person with Doomsayer. What? There's so many people with curse.
What do I want to go? Nasher's Tooth for my item up clearly,
right? Not actually. I bet Ludens would hit really hard,
wouldn't it? If I was to get it because of my AP being so high. So, even like
the Luden trigger would deal a ton. We already do have like a defensive
item, too, right? I'm trying to save up to see if maybe I
can just buy another prismatic cuz I don't know if I really need much else
besides a void staff. 800 AP. This does,00 damage on my Q.
Oh my goodness, dude. That was kind of wild. I just reflected back his
abilities towards him. Oh jeez.
Okay, we did not get any light them up that round. Another thing that I thought of is what
if we got ethereal weapons? Ethereal weapons is the one that makes it so your abilities can trigger on hit effects and
that would make it so I would trigger light them up from far away. That would be nuts. It's a gold augment. Well, we
already kind of used all of our rerolls, so
I think we get a new rroll pretty soon. Like one more.
There's no way Victor wins this. If he does, he's a legend. Yeah,
we have not lost a single round. Movement speed, magic pin, or fortune
shard? I think I want the fortune shard more than something else. I think that movement speed is the most realistic one, but I I want money,
be able to buy something.
The TF is 80 TF. I'm glad that I looked. This guy has raid boss, so we should
probably try to kill TF right at the beginning. If uh Olaf can run him down, the TF also
has no uh flash, but he has a bunch of attack range stuff. He has Scopiest, he
has diamond tip spear, he has hex optics, but he doesn't have rapid fire cannon for some reason, which is
strange.
You one-shot me. Okay, but uh my teammate killed other guys, so it's fine. Wow, that was uh kind of
ridiculous damage from him, dude. 200 years champion. You killed me
in like four auto attacks. What do you mean? Yeah, dude. I have 800 AP and I'm
like running in a straight line at you. And I feel like my augments are like more OP damage-wise than his. But he
thinks that unless he's talking about Olaf, but I don't think that Olaf was I feel like he's talking about me. Yeah,
he's talking about me when I didn't even do anything. We traded one for one and he killed me so fast.
Okay, dude.
Olaf.
Um,
I do have enough money to buy another item. Do I want to build a void staff now?
Is it worth it?
What? Augment, armor and magic pen, Blitzcrank hook,
electrocute, and phase rush.
I guess if I took the armor and magic pen, that'd be pretty nice because I don't have any right now, and I still
didn't know if I wanted to build a void staff. This guy is 7,000 HP and that guy is 5,000. Let's build perplexity because
that also increases the amount of damage that we deal to people based off of how much more health they have. And honestly, they kind of have a lot, don't
they? So, I'll get the maximum value. So, I'll deal 15% more to them.
And I have 44% pen now, too, since I also got that other thing as well.
I should probably just leave this area.
Okay, I managed to help kill him. But that being said,
it felt very challenging for me to deal enough damage because my character has to like stop moving to cast and stuff,
which kind of sucks.
Nice. Okay, my Olaf is going crazy. He has Oh my gosh. Soul Siphon works on
like uh when you crit, so that also means that when he uses his abilities, he also heals from it, too. So just
pressing buttons will heal him. He doesn't even need to like auto attack even though I'm sure that he is.
Still feel like Rune Carver was kind of mediocre this game. Feel like it could have been so much
better. How can I still not afford a prismatic? I'm just going to wait one round and just like not buy.
Oh, we get to skip combat. Nice. I mean, even better. We literally can just skip. Perfect.
So, the AP ratio of overwhelm when I activate it is 4% per stack.
I'm just going to like look up
her ultimate on the wiki just to see. So, they did buff
that. It used to be 3.5%.
They also made her E a lower CD even though the range got
reduced slightly and also the missile speed is better in the route last uh 1.5
at every single rank rather than it leveling up and then going from 1.1 to
1.5. So yeah, they did like kind of just like buff her damage and her like projectile
speed on her E and then the damage on this but lower the range of it. But then she just like doesn't have as best uh
good of range. And of course like her survivability is also worse too. Wow. We
have almost have enough AP for like 100% of original damage gets reflected back.
If only we had 2,000 AP and we could reflect back 200%. Then I can just walk up to like an 80 character and they can
just like get themselves killed.
Oh my gosh. Are you serious? Is this actually going to live? Oh no, he's not.
This is lost, right? Yeah.
Hey, everybody's about to get kicked out. We're at the end game. Omni vamp. Feel like omnivamp sounds
pretty nice. I like the healing. I probably deal like so much damage that it'll be We got to skip combat again.
That's insane to me. I cannot believe that the game is okay.
Oh man, I got pyromancers. though. I'll just go demonic because it's really
high AP and even though I don't have much HP, when people chunk me, at least it will like increase my AP by a
percentage, which probably is going to go crazy. 1,300 damage on Q. Jeez.
900 damage on this, too.
We're at 100% on that. Wait, these guys also have a buy round.
It must have been somebody that just gave up an FF then.
Wait, what just happened? I missed it. I literally looked away from one second. I didn't realize that that was just going to happen.
Big brain gives me a 3,000 damage shield, but also being able to have multiple flashes is good. I'm just going to take the big brain for now.
If I save up my money, I wonder if I can buy another prismatic cuz I still have to sell this guardian.
We're versus the rise. The rise has four.
It's okay. I'll reflect back the damage to him. Unless he presses W, I can't reflect that. Oh my god, he has big
brain. He has a 13,000 damage. 13,000 damage shield.
Don't worry, we'll win because I'll reflect it.
Okay. Okay. I could not Oh, that's right. The problem is is that when he
does that, I forgot that I can't make it so it doesn't hurt me. That's why. Darn
it. Because my shield is never going to be enough to survive the damage. If I was
invulnerable, I could have probably like reflected back his damage towards him.
No, the me the the new Mel can't really deal with that.
Dang, I didn't even think about that. Hm. The only way to be able to beat him
would be like kiting out so hard, which is pretty dang challenging. I got
twin mask.
I mean, twin mask is not going to give me that good of stats, but whatever. There literally was no other choice. So,
Serpent Spang to reduce his shield. Wait, actually, that would like reduce a significant amount. I hope that we can like win this round, though. Is this one
uh one just free? I know that last time we fought them, it was free cuz he just like killed the freaking Boulder in the
middle.
Ah, neat. I think that we actually might lose this, huh?
I was not able to use my woolets. I tried to use it at the very end, but it wasn't enough. Okay, Olaf, good stuff.
I'm just grateful that we won. So, we have a buffer. So, we have one more round after this. If we lose this next
one, I probably should have twin mask. It's
probably not going to do anything for us.
28% magic pen.
326 AP. Huh, that's a lot of AP. Too bad uh it's
not uh 5,000.
He also has overflow for 130% more damage. No.
I really don't want to use my ultimate.
Oh, how many like we almost broke his shield. I mean, that was a little bit better, wasn't it?
Okay, the talisman has given me trash. If I sell this, buy this. Yeah, there's
nothing. There's nothing we can get to probably fix this at this point.
Sell and buy again. My attacks make my ultimate deal more.
Surely this will fix everything. She has 2,000 AP. Why do you have 2,000 AP? How
did you get that? Oh, because she just has wordless. No wonder. Duh.
20,000 damage shield.
No. Yeah, I literally can't even survive that burst. But anyways, thanks for
watching. That was my try at playing Mel. I faced a godrun rise so we lose. GG. All right. Peace. Bye.
